# License Plate Detection via Information Maximization (TITS-LPST)

This is the official website for "License Plate Detection via Information Maximization (submitted to T-ITS 2020)", which is a newly built real-world dataset for license plate detection and scene text detection.
- 9.7k+ images and 110k+ instances
- Scenes: **traffic** and **drone**, Tasks: **license plate detection** and **scene text (excluding license plate) detection**
- **Variations in tilt degrees**: Horizontal tilt degree (15 ~ 45 degrees) and vertical tilt degree (15 ~ 45 degrees).
- **Variations in distance**: The distance from the license plate to the camera location is relatively diverse.
- **Variations in blur**: Blurry image due to motion blur and hand jitter while capturing images.
- If you are interested in license plate detection, please refer to [our paper] or [our github project](https://github.com/brightyoun/TITS-LPST).


#### Younkwan Lee, Jihyo Jeon, Yeongmin Ko, Moongu Jeon, Witold Pedrycz

## Abstract
License plate (LP) detection in the wild remains challenging due to the diversity of environmental conditions.  Nevertheless,  prior solutions have focused on controlled environments,  such as when  LP  images frequently emerge as from an approximately frontal viewpoint and without scene text which might be mistaken for an LP. However, even for state-of-the-art object detectors, their detection performance is not satisfactory for real-world environments, suffering from various types of degradation. To solve these problems, we propose a novel end-to-end framework for robust LP detection, designed for such challenging settings. Our contribution is threefold:  (1) A novel information-theoretic learning that takes advantage of a shared encoder, an LP detector and a scene text detector (excluding LP) simultaneously; (2) Localization refinement for generalizing the bounding box regression network to complement ambiguous detection results; (3) a large-scale, comprehensive dataset, LPST-110K, representing real-world unconstrained scenes including scene text annotations. Computational tests show that the proposed model outperforms other state-of-the-art methods on a variety of challenging datasets.License plate (LP) detection in the wild remains challenging due to the diversity of environmental conditions.  Nevertheless,  prior solutions have focused on controlled environments,  such as when  LP  images frequently emerge as from an approximately frontal viewpoint and without scene text which might be mistaken for an LP. However, even for state-of-the-art object detectors, their detection performance is not satisfactory for real-world environments, suffering from various types of degradation. To solve these problems, we propose a novel end-to-end framework for robust LP detection, designed for such challenging settings. Our contribution is threefold:  (1) A novel information-theoretic learning that takes advantage of a shared encoder, an LP detector and a scene text detector (excluding LP) simultaneously; (2) Localization refinement for generalizing the bounding box regression network to complement ambiguous detection results; (3) a large-scale, comprehensive dataset, LPST-110K, representing real-world unconstrained scenes including scene text annotations. Computational tests show that the proposed model outperforms other state-of-the-art methods on a variety of challenging datasets.
